In this section, we cover an often overlooked and misunderstood feature of GitHub:
organizations. People think that organizations are for companies,
but that's not entirely true; I think of a GitHub organization
as simply a group of related repositories.
That means anyone can have an organization, or two, or even more;
it just depends on how many groups of repositories you have.
Sometimes organizations are related to a company, department,
or a group of friends hacking on a project together.
I actually have several GitHub organizations
to group together several repositories from courses I teach.
Also, it's fairly easy to transfer repositories from your individual account,
or between organizations. In this section,
we will cover setting up your own organization
and all the management fun that comes with it.
We will transfer one of the repositories we have been working with
in our individual account, and then forking that same repository back to our main account.
Along the way, we will explore the differences and similarities
between individual accounts and organizations.
A key part of organizations is teams.
Teams allow us to group contributors together in logical groups
that have specific permissions, depending on their role in our projects.
We will set up and manage teams within our organization.